>> Lukas: Use NGF to get
feedback on the user whether or
not the widget is selected.
So let's do that.
Let's go back to those widgets and
I believe it's going to be in
the Widgets list, component.
So we want to give some type of feedback
when these things are selected.
So what we can do is we'll just
add an NGF here, we can say,
let's just do something very trivial,
let's just add,
well I guess that's what
the master detail does.
We could say, what did everybody else do?
>> Speaker 2: Highlighted the background.
Invoke center,
highlight the background also.
Highlight directive.
>> Lukas: Well, I'm saying for
the NGF?
>> Speaker 2: So
if you don't have anything selected,
don't show the right side.
>> Lukas: Out of span.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, let's do that.
That sound cool.
>> Lukas: So,
if nothing's selected in the master detail
view, then you didn't show anything.
Like here, or, where is it at?
Right here.
There we go.
So, if nothing's selected here, then
you didn't show anything on the right.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, cuz the background's
grey and the card was.
>> Lukas: Let's state in a list.
Let's do something in here.
So what we can do is,
when you select a wizard, we could,
actually let's come back,
I'm not drawing a blank.
Let's do the other one first
too trivial.
Let's create a custom directive that
modifies this style, this one's more fun.
So let's make another directive that like,
we can do here, have some fun with this.
Let's just highlight the car a different
color, change the text, different stuff
like that when you click on the directive
so we know it's actually active.
Right now, it's kinda playing,
we don't know which one is clicked.
So let's do that.
We'll do it on mouse over and
also when it's active.
So let's start with the mouse over one.
Let's just add a new file here.
And we'll call
it On, I'm so
bad with names,
highlight it,
Highlight.
So we call it highlight and
we'll do this thing again.
>> Lukas: There we go.
>> Lukas: Our selector will be highlight.
>> Lukas: And then what we'll do is we'll
export the class.
>> Lukas: Highlight.
>> Lukas: There we go.
>> Lukas: And we also need Element Ref.
And we'll inject that
into our constructor.
So we have that and then we only want
this to happen on mouse enter so
we have our host here [SOUND] and
we'll just say,
>> Lukas: 'initHightlight()'.
We're gonna make that method, cool.
And all this is gonna do,
>> Lukas: Change the background color.
Color to,
>> Lukas: Green.
All right, seagreen.
I didn't make that up, that's a CSS color.
[LAUGH]
Okay, now why is this freaking out?
Native event, nativeElement.style.
There we go.
The text will probably look bad,
so we'll change the text
too.
>> Lukas: Let's just do this.
>> Lukas: There you go.
So we go that now we need to wire it
up to our components so we can use it.
So what we have to do is go into the,
what's happened to the- Wizards list?
Yeah the wizard's list,
that's what we were doing.
So add to the widget list but we only
want it on the individual widget so
we place one here on the component,
we will say directives and
it is called highlighter or highlight,
>> Lukas: and imports
>> Lukas: Highlight from /highlight.
And it's not liking me.
>> Speaker 2: Sometimes I've noticed with
adding you have to save first.
>> Lukas: Yeah, you're right, cool.
So we got that, and now we have
the widget for the widgets, and
what we'll do is just place that here,
so now we can just say Highlight.
Now let's see what happens.
Cool, so a highlight kinda works,
but still green, so
we need to go back and fix that.
So what we'll do is we'll come back and
we'll just do the inverse.
>> Lukas: I'll call this
something else now.
>> Lukas: There we go.
>> Lukas: If highlight then we'll do this.
>> Lukas: Else.
>> Lukas: So lash worker is not
working here.
Let's do that.
>> Lukas: Else we'll do this.
>> Lukas: Let's check it out.
There we go, it's highlighting.
Still that is not good enough.
I would probably do something like this.
Add some styles let it
ease in a little bit.
It's like it hurts my eyes
when it's transitioning.
What is this?
This is a widget-card.
>> Lukas: A little transition never hurt
anybody.
>> Lukas: There we go.
>> Lukas: Cool, much better.
All right, so
now we have a nice little highlight.
>> Lukas: Any questions on that?
>> Lukas: Actually I did just
noticed one thing.
It doesn't look like the text is changing,
that's because it's not
propagating down and that's fine.
Let's change in the style, well the text
isn't changing because of the hierarchy of
the HTML where it's Texas here and there
is this, the color is being set here so.
But that's fine.
Any questions on that?
>> Lukas: Why didn't that break?